# About me

- **Salesforce**: I recently joined Salesforce as the Chief Architect for Financial Services. I am responsible for the end to end architecture for the products and technology platforms that we deliver to our Financial Services & Insurance (and soon Life Sciences & Healthcare) Customers. In this role, I interact with leading FINS customers, globally, in Retail Banking, Commercial Banking, Lending, Payments, Wealth Management, Corporate Payments, B2B & B2C Capital Markets / Investment Banking, Brokerage, Annuities & Insurance. Currently, I am specifically working with our customers on bringing our Data/AI/GenAI products & platform capabilities to support the global digital transformations journey. 
In this role, I am working with our key Financial Services customers (globally) to understand their key Salesforce implementations (across all of our products), their roadmap/priorities, challenges and work with them to influence the product roadmaps. I am also very keen in understanding their successes so that we can replicate them across other customers. While my immediate remit is to focus on Financial Services & Insurance, I am really interested in the world of medicine -  Life Sciences & Healthcare.
- **JPMorgan Chase**: Prior to this role, I used to run Data, AIML Architecture, Strategy & Engineering at Chase. This was my second innings at Chase (during my first one 2003-06,  I was involved in largest FS merger of Bank One & JPMC, Online Banking, Payments, Middleware, Channel Convergence etc..)

- **IQVIA**: Before joining Chase, I ran the Architecture, AI/ML and UI/UX Design team at IQVIA (R&D) and was keenly involved in running Clinical Trial platforms for several sponsors (in context of COVID Vaccine trails) and other aspects of the R&D capabilities.

- **American Express**: Prior to that I spent 14 years at American Express running architecture for several businesses/units including Global Commercial Payments, Marketing, Customer 360, Customer Acquisitions, Global Credit & Fraud Risk Management, Salesforce, AskAmex, Big Data & AI/ML Platform capabilities etc. I also supported the technology due diligence for many M&A/Strategic Investments, working with startups like Stripe, iZettle, etc. and acquisitions of adjacent capabilities (Loyalty Partner - collation loyalty, P2P/Mobile Payments - fraud risk management - accertify, Resy & Cake Technologies - premium dining, LoungeBuddy - airport lounges). I was the technical lead of the spinoff of American Express Business Travel. I worked with several adjacent mobile payments players in China, India and Europe. AmEx was an early adopter of Big Data (Hadoop technologies) and I have been engaged in productionalizing Data/ML capabilities at scale since 2009 or so when we implemented our first set of ML models (Random Forrests, gradient boosting, etc...)

- **Data/AI/ML**: I have a deep passion in applying Data/AI/ML experience on medicine, thats why I joined IQVIA, and enjoyed my time supporting bringing COVID vaccines to market in record time... but then realized that the company was a relatively slow moving and rather not aggressive (in-terms of investments) organization without the urgency of COVID... I wrote this LinkedIn post after I left IQVIA. 
- **Security**: I guess having worked in FINS, Life Sciences I am fairly intense on security. In addition to my usual "Chief Architect" roles for the businesses that I supported, I always used to play a "CISO" type role for my extended teams... :slightly_smiling_face: Learnt a lot from interacting closely with my CISOs and thoroughly enjoyed learning/sharing...
**Patents**: Have several granted many patents in the world of eCommerce, mobile payments etc.
**Mentor**: Very passionate about learning/teaching, particualarly Women in Computing after my experiences attending Grace Hopper Conference and interacting with my daughter and her circle of friends...
- **Author**: Published a couple of books (Special Edition using Java Beans and Microsoft .NET KickStart) and used to run XML Journal and chaired conferences in XML, Web Services, Telephony, Mobile during 1996-2001. I would love to write more...
- **IIT Kanpur**: Graduated from IIT Kanpur in 1996, in Chemical Engineering & Computer Science.
